establishing a team identity and I think
that's what they're kind of missing in
the previous split is they just kept
trying different things and then they
never actually were able to get that
identity what's the end of quarter
finals week and I'm joined right now by
the coach of fly quest Saint vicious
with coverage presented my Omni slash so
Saint pretty rough three games for you
guys before we talk about you know the
rest of the split
maybe we should tackle that what do you
think went wrong man I think that we our
last two weeks of practice weren't
anywhere near as good as like they were
during the split some of that's because
I don't like be like all you know this
is why we lost but you know we had
players that were sick and we like had
to cancel a lot of scrim days and they
weren't able to like go into cell queue
and play a lot of the champions over
they were able to play and then I feel
like because of that we kind of like
lost trust in each other because we were
trying to you know develop new
strategies and things like that so we're
actually you can see that I don't say
like our last game we were like like our
we've done most of the steps to like
succeed in the game and then because I
didn't get like practice enough it's
like alright we're skipping steps and we
just can't like close it out with that
team comp you know so like we couldn't
actually branch out into new styles what
I there was an interesting thing where
we saw the exact same draft in Game two
as we saw in Game one a lot of people
probably would think like oh well they
lost with this why not why do the same
thing for Game two why did you guys come
back with that I mean we hey we're
actually won in the game in the first
game and it was a comp that you have to
play through Caixa and I'll start being
like the lane of pressure and we made
mistakes for like grouped on them and
tried to fight around midden and things
like that in the first game and we
talked about it that we would try to
play around the case I'll start laying
in the second game and we just failed to
do that maybe kind of like the
confidence thing that I talked about and
just like that type of stuff and we just
aren't playing our team comp properly
yeah so I mean you are winning most
thing in the first game though so yeah
whatever that's fair now I haven't had a
chance to talk to you the split but I
definitely feel like you are in the
running for coach of the split given
just like the
crazy transformation that we saw with
flight quest this year you guys up near
the top for basically the entire split
as opposed to in the past flight quest
has been an organization that's
struggled there's a little bit of a
roster change but it's not like a
situation where during the break we saw
like a ton of all-stars and MVPs and all
these guys show up what has this
experience been like for you sort of
lifting or being a part of and helping
flight quest lifts up I mean it was kind
of rough flight for a Scotland team
because the team's fundamentals were I
think they should have learned in spring
they didn't really have any grasp of so
I had to spend pretty much the first
half of the split just like kind of
building the team from the ground up and
be like you do this here and you do that
like all like the basics and things like
that which I feel like a lot of the
other teams had the luxury of ironing
out on screen so we kind of like a rough
first half of the split and then once we
got the details down and then like one
or like two or three team comps that we
want to play and we're able to just kind
of run with that and we had like a
pretty pretty good split with that and
just as far as like the players like all
the players on the team or like
incredibly hard-working like you don't
have to be on them or anything like you
tell him to do something just do it
instantly and they're gonna like grind
it out really hard and nobody's toxic
like everybody's really friendly with
each other somebody has like a bad game
like they'll just like pick the other
person up really fast and I even if you
have like an argument over something it
gets resolved like instantly so it's
it's that's why the team was like able
to grow so fast and adapt and learn
things and I think that's really
important and it is a team atmosphere
and for just for improvement and just
how fast you can do things yeah what do
you think it was was it just that
dedication of the grind that allowed the
guys to to climb up the LCS ladder so
much I mean yeah like they all worked
hard but I mean these are all veteran
well there's three like really or even
four gonna include Santorin like really
veteran players in the team so it's not
like you go on a team and you just
forget everything you know what I mean
it's just a matter of like how your team
wants to operate you know one thing you
want to play through like how you want
to path for your jungle like it's just
establishing a team identity and I think
that's what they're kind of missing and
the previous split is they just kept
trying different things and
and they never actually were able to get
that identity I mean every team every
good team has had any like tiel's the
playthrough bottom like hundred these
we're gonna do nothing and try to win a
teamfight you know and I just think that
we kind of got our identity and we're
trying to branch out from there near the
end and we just didn't really have
enough time to do it so what's next for
you me I don't know I mean I'm gonna go
on offseason
try to like decompress see my family I
like vacation with my girlfriend
probably do like like a team thing or
whatever maybe I'll go like take a road
trip to Joshua Tree or something yeah I
think like it's important for a team
that kind of like life experiences
outside of the game where it's not just
like well that's our split see you guys
later like flames off to Korea
you know I thought psyche happened a lot
of times like I think I was on Dignitas
or any of those type of teams it's just
everybody goes their separate ways and
then it's like what the hell just
happened you know there's no resolution
or there's no resolution anything so I
think it's important that at least as a
coach for me it's important to like make
sure you build good people and you give
them good life experiences as well so
well is there anything that you would
say to any of the fans out there a
flight ghost fantasy ambitious fans
thanks to everybody supporting me and
there's like still people who stopped to
my stream even though I literally never
stream anymore
yeah thanks thanks it's morning out are
you gonna stream now probably not damn
I'll see when you were streaming well
the other day right yeah but I don't
know maybe since I'm in a penny a lost
season I'm probably really bored no
stream but yeah bride Shaina or
something I don't know
we'll see we'll catch you on the stream
thanks so much for the interview and
best of luck in the running for the
crucial split I think I definitely you
did a crazy stuff with the team so it's
exciting everyone else you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things he
sports right here on my youtube channel
and for more the League of Legends
coverage you can catch all of my content
here on my youtube channel thanks to
coverage presented by Omni slash